 Oil Exploration                                                 Time :20s
--------------------------

There has been a recent and exciting news about significant reserves of oil found 
off the coast of Newfoundland.  A fleet of exploration drillships are ready to 
explore the area in a search for more precise estimates of these reserves.  
Your task is to write a program to help them to do their job in a most 
efficient manner.

Each ship has a task list with 2-D coordinates of the points that need to be explored.
The points generally belong to a square grid of 1km by 1km, so x and y coordinates 
of each exploration point are integer values.  The ships have divided the area 
to be covered, so each ship has a long rectangular strip of width of about 
3km that needs to be covered.  This means that the y coordinaate of each 
exploration point is one of the values 0, 1, 2, or 3.  The x coordinate however
 can range from 0 to 10000.  A ship can explore up to 4 points at one position, 
as long as they are not too far away.  More precisely, the points must be some 
vertices of a unit square, and the ship is anchored in the center of the square. 
 You can take a look at the figure where each circle covers points that can be 
explored at one ship position.  After exploring points at one position, 
the ship moves to the next position and so on.  We need to minimize the number of
positions that a ship needs to take in order to complete her task.
The figure shows two examples with five and seven exploration points,
and we can see how a ship can explore the first task in two positions,
and the second task with three positions.

Input

The input consists of a sequence of test cases.  Each test case starts
with a positive integer n denoting the number of exploration points.
This is followed by n lines containing n different points, and each
line containing x and y coordinates of the points. (0<=x<=10000, and
0<=y<=3)  At the end, a line containing number 0 marks the end of test
cases.

Output

For each test case, you must produce one line of output containing the
integer that is the minimal number of positions the ship must make to
explore all the points.

Sample Input 1

5
1 1
2 0
2 1
2 2
3 0
0

Sample Output 1

2

Sample Input 2

7
1 1
2 0
2 1
2 2
3 0
3 3
4 1
0

Sample Output 2

3
